Query: I have 1 acre of okro in Kumasi. Which nearby market usually pays the highest price around October harvest time, and how can I connect with buyers?
Source: {'url': 'https://mofa.gov.gh/site/images/pdf/AGRICULTURE+IN+GHANA+(Facts+&+Figures)+2021.pdf', 'title': 'Ministry of Foreign Affairs FACTS & FIGURES: AGRICULTURE IN GHANA, 2021', 'snippet': "MoFA's Mission is to promote sustainable agriculture and thriving agribusiness through research and technology development, effective extension and other support services to farmers , processors and traders for improved livelihood. more · The vision of the Ministry is a modernised agriculture ...", 'date': '2025-09-24T14:30:39.508982'}
Text: 1. Ministry of Foreign Affairs FACTS & FIGURES: AGRICULTURE IN GHANA, 2021 — MoFA's Mission is to promote sustainable agriculture and thriving agribusiness through research and technology development, effective extension and other support services to farmers , processors and traders for improved livelihood. more · The vision of the Ministry is a modernised agriculture ...
2. Agricultural Commodity Price Data | SRID - MoFA — May 29, 2025 · SRID collects weekly price data from 170 markets nationwide, enhancing the ability to track access to nutritious food. This comprehensive data collection supports informed decision-making in agriculture and nutrition policy.
3. Prices | FAO | Food and Agriculture Organization of the ... — Jul 20, 2022 · Movements in agricultural commodity prices and food prices are indicators of changes in the fundamentals of supply and demand. As such, their levels are indicative of market imbalances that, for example, can portend to worsening food security.
Date: 2025-09-24T14:30:39.509983
---
Query: I have 1 acre of okro in Kumasi. Which nearby market usually pays the highest price around October harvest time, and how can I connect with buyers?
Source: {'url': 'https://srid.mofa.gov.gh/node/55', 'title': 'Agricultural Commodity Price Data | SRID - MoFA', 'snippet': 'SRID is responsible for preparing weekly and monthly price data on major food commodities and agro inputs. This includes conducting market surveys to provide information on commodity prices at the farm gate, wholesale, and retail levels, as well as agricultural input prices and transport charges on commodities.', 'date': '2025-09-24T14:39:07.144208'}
Text: 1. Agricultural Commodity Price Data | SRID - MoFA — SRID is responsible for preparing weekly and monthly price data on major food commodities and agro inputs. This includes conducting market surveys to provide information on commodity prices at the farm gate, wholesale, and retail levels, as well as agricultural input prices and transport charges on commodities.
2. Prices - FAO | Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations — Movements in agricultural commodity prices and food prices are indicators of changes in the fundamentals of supply and demand. As such, their levels are indicative of market imbalances that, for example, can portend to worsening food security. The timely monitoring of prices is also important for assessing the functioning and efficiency of international and national markets .
3. PDF Facts & Figures: Agriculture in Ghana, 2021 - Mofa — The 30th edition of the Agriculture in Ghana: Facts and Figures document was prepared by SRID, MoFA, with contributions from various sources. The Directorate wishes to express its profound gratitude to all the Organizations, Institutions, Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) who made inputs, in one way or the other, for their invaluable ...
Date: 2025-09-24T14:39:07.144208
---
